README.md, before:

# Geometric Algorithms

Repository from geometric algorithms course, including:
-  Jarvis and Graham Algorithms for Convex Hull Problem
-  Polygon Triangulation Algorithm
-  Plane Sweep Algorithm for Computing Line Segment Intersections
-  Delaunay Triangulation Algorithm with comparison with monotone polygon triangulation

Projects feature visualization which also enables user input

## Delaunay Triangulation Project

Project allows user defined input - defined, by clicking mouse left button in the window below:
[img]

Project include various input data types, such as points on a circle, ona a wave, completely random.
Then, it uses implemented Delaunay algorithm to output such triangulation of these points, that returned
triangles are as close to equilateral triangle as possible (minimises maximal angle of triangle).
Some of the output look like that:

[img2]
[img3]
[img4]

### How to run

To run the project (and other ones) follow these steps:
- clone the repo
- open selected folder in your IDE or Jupyter Notebook
- install required libraries, such as Numpy, Matplotlib
- run cells by either clicking the "run" button, ot by Shift + Enter

Commit message:

Revise README for Delaunay Triangulation Project
Updated project description and added input examples.

README.md, after:

# Geometric Algorithms

Repository from geometric algorithms course, including:
-  Jarvis and Graham Algorithms for Convex Hull Problem
-  Polygon Triangulation Algorithm
-  Plane Sweep Algorithm for Computing Line Segment Intersections
-  Delaunay Triangulation Algorithm with comparison with monotone polygon triangulation

Projects feature visualization which also enables user input

## Delaunay Triangulation Project

This project allows user-defined input — points are added by clicking the left mouse button inside the window:

![User input example](pic/user.png)

The project supports several predefined datasets:
- points on a circle
- points on a sine wave
- random point sets

Then the program computes a **Delaunay triangulation**, producing triangles that maximize the minimal angle and tend to form shapes close to equilateral triangles.

Example inputs and outputs:

![Wave input](pic/wavepts.png)
![Wave output](pic/waveout.png)
![Random input](pics/rand.png)
![Random output](pics/randout)

### How to run

To run the project (and other ones) follow these steps:
- clone the repo
- open selected folder in your IDE or Jupyter Notebook
- install required libraries, such as Numpy, Matplotlib
- run cells by either clicking the "run" button, ot by Shift + Enter
